My biggest weakness would probably have to be my programming skills. When
I was compared to the other people that I was working with, the
other students at UC Berkeley and at USC, it seemed like they were pretty
bright and I had to step up my game and to tell you the truth,
even as a kid I was never really technically oriented. So, I think
I had to work a little bit harder than other people to kind of get to
a decent level. So, I took lots of late night study sessions, took
lots of reading books, some Lynda.com courses, maybe some YouTube courses,
Bucky's World, where he, kind of, explains these different programming
assignments in easy to understand language rather than my
professor because, like, I went to the lecturer and I didn't understand
what he said so I better, like, learn on my own from this guy and
then I can understand what professor said, you know, little bit better
than usual. So, lots of things like that had to happen for me
to step up my game, to compete with others in my peer group.